Governance basic quiz. Correct answer are bold text.

You have passed the quiz!
Your score:
8 of 10 Correct (80%)
Elapsed time:
15 minutes
Hide Answers
Question 1:  Correct answer
If a model is governed, does its parent project need to be governed?

Yes, higher-level items must be governed.
 No, governance can be applied independently of the hierarchy.
Question 2:  Correct answer
On which page can you view a Kanban board of your governed projects?

 Governable items
 Model registry
 Bundle registry
 Business initiatives
Governed projects
Question 3:  Incorrect answer
True or False: If the model version or bundle is rejected, it cannot be deployed.

True. You cannot deploy with a rejected sign-off.
 False. The ability to deploy depends on the Govern policy in the Deployer.
Question 4:  Correct answer
Why might you want to use Dataiku Govern? (Select three.)

To centralize projects from different Dataiku nodes.
 To create automation scenarios.
To track and manage the progress of your Dataiku projects.
To control the deployment of model versions and bundles.
Question 5:  Incorrect answer
True or false: Model metrics are generated in the source instance of a Govern item.

 True. The metrics of a model always originate from the source instance (either a Design node or Automation node).
False. Model metrics are generated in Dataiku Govern.

Question 6:  Correct answer
Which can be linked to business initiatives?
 Govern Models
 Govern Bundles
Govern Projects
 Dataiku Projects

Question 7:  Correct answer
True or false: Once a final approval is given, you cannot restart the sign-off process.
 True. The final approval denotes the permanent end of the sign-off process for an item.
False. The sign-off process can be reset at any time.

Question 8:  Correct answer
What types of items can you govern? (Select four.)
 Projects
Models
Model versions
Bundles
 Business initiatives
Question 9:  Correct answer

What decision is connected to the Deployer node?
 The Risk and Compliance review
 The feedback review
The final approval
 The Business review
Question 10:  Correct answer
True or false: Different Govern items can have different workflows.

True. Workflows can vary between different Govern items.
 False. Each Govern item has the same workflow.



New quiz 12/1/2025
You have passed the quiz!
Your score:
4 of 5 Correct (80%)
Elapsed time:
3 minutes
Hide Answers
Question 1:  Correct answer
The data of models found in the Model registry is stored in the Govern node.
 True. Ask your admin about which database the Govern node uses to store models.
 False. The Govern node only syncs the metadata of its source items.
Question 2:  Correct answerAll items in a registry page (such as the Bundle or Model registry) must be governed.
 True. This is the way to see governed items of a particular type.
 False. You can filter registry pages by governed status.
Question 3:  Incorrect answerWhich of the following pages in the Govern node can include source items that haven't yet been governed? Select all that apply.
 Governable items
 Model registry

 Governed projects
Question 4:  Correct answerName the Govern item that groups together governed projects.
 Bundle
 Business initiative
 Workspace
 Project hub
Question 5:  Correct answerIf you choose to govern a project, you must also govern all child items such as bundles and models.
 Always true.
 Always false.
 This decision is left to the user unless the administrator has defined different auto-governance rules.

